chore(docs): DatadogECSFargate Examples (#399)
DataDog/datadog-cdk-constructs: examples/ecs/go-stack/README.md

# Datadog CDK Go Example

> Use this example Go stack to try out the [datadog-cdk-constructs](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-cdk-constructs) v2 library.

Reviewer: nit: maybe "... v2 library for ECS Fargate" to be more specific

## Getting Started

1. Get a Datadog API key to send monitoring data ([Datadog API keys documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/#add-an-api-key-or-client-token)).

> 1. Run `export DD_API_KEY=<DATADOG_API_KEY>` to set the Datadog API key in your shell session.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Set the Datadog API key in your shell session: `export DD_API_KEY=<DATADOG_API_KEY>`
```

> 1. Run `cdk synth` to synthesize the CloudFormation template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Synthesize the CloudFormation template: `cdk synth`
```

> 1. Run `cdk diff` to see the resource and permission changes that are made.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Review the proposed resource and permission changes: `cdk diff`
```

> 1. Run `cdk deploy` to deploy the stack to AWS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the stack to AWS: `cdk deploy`
```

> 1. Invoke your ECS Task Defintions and look for them in [Datadog](https://app.datadoghq.com/) (metrics, traces, logs, orchestrator explorer, etc).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Invoke your ECS task definitions and verify data in [Datadog](https://app.datadoghq.com/) (metrics, traces, logs, orchestrator explorer, etc).
```

## Testing

1. Run `yarn build` to create the Python package.

> 2. Run `cp -r dist/go/ddcdkconstruct examples/ecs/go-stack` to copy your local module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Copy your local module: `cp -r dist/go/ddcdkconstruct examples/ecs/go-stack`
```

> 3. Run `cd examples/ecs/go-stack` to navigate to the stack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Navigate to the example stack: `cd examples/ecs/go-stack`
```

4. In `go.mod` change the version of the dependency `ddcdkconstruct`:

    ```go
    require(
      ...
      github.com/DataDog/datadog-cdk-constructs-go/ddcdkconstruct/v2 v2.0.0-unpublished
    )
    ```

5. Run the following commands to replace the import with the local path of the module

    ```go
    go mod edit -replace=github.com/DataDog/datadog-cdk-constructs-go/ddcdkconstruct/v2@v2.0.0-unpublished=./ddcdkconstruct
    go get -d github.com/DataDog/datadog-cdk-constructs-go/ddcdkconstruct/v2@v2.0.0-unpublished
    ```

> 6. Run `go get` to install dependencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Install dependencies: `go get`
```

> 7. Run `cdk diff` to see the resource and permission changes that are made.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Review the proposed resource and permission changes: `cdk diff`
```

> 8. Run `cdk deploy` to deploy the stack to AWS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Deploy the stack to AWS: `cdk deploy`
```

> 9. Invoke your ECS Task Defintions and look for them in [Datadog](https://app.datadoghq.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. Invoke your eCS task definitions and verify data in [Datadog](https://app.datadoghq.com/).
```
